Overview level (#2139)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/overview/fleet management/_index.md

---
title: Fleet management

> description: An overview of the fleet management capabilities of the Giant Swarm platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A brief explanation of how to manage your fleet of clusters with the Giant Swarm platform.
```
